take a look at what's going around you
it's chaos it is unbelievable to see how
fast things can deteriorate but if you
look closely you will see the solution
and today I'm going to bring that to you
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you if you've been
watching my channel since 2011 what I
have been bringing to you is the
information as it comes out each and
every day and then we look at what you
the individual can do with your finances
and we will get into that by the end of
this video the first thing I want to
show you is what's happening what are
the issues number one thing you've got
this election people are hoping and
praying that their person gets in so
that their problems can be solved but
does it really work that way if you look
and zoom out you start to see some
difficulties with that look at the food
prices food prices Rose 28% of 5 years
they're going to make excuses they're
going to say it's price gouging here
they're going to say that it's caused by
that company there but ultimately the
devaluation of the currency is the
number one factor what about car
insurance look at it full coverage car
insurance Rose an average of
26% in 2004 and then you check inside of
the official inflation metrics and it's
like the smallest number has nothing to
do with reality home insurance rates are
rising fast across the United States
they'll blame one thing or another what
you need to understand is that your
costs are rising and these things will
pile on year after year after year we
are living in the easiest time you will
have over the next 10 years so you have
to understand this and I will show you
why this is
mathematically certain towards the end
of this video I'm going to break it down
what the government is doing the
trajectory that it's on cannot be
reversed and so let's look at what I
have done and what I have been teaching
people for many years both privately and
semi-privately when you look at these
things it's pretty obvious you have to
take action you have to be able to get
around this inflation because it is not
going to be resolved it's not going to
be resolved and that's why there are
things that you need to do now what did
I do okay back in 2017 I started
learning about Amazon and how to sell
stuff on Amazon by 2019 I had created
this little course and I had not really
little it's comprehensive but I brought
it out to all my subscribers and at that
time it was free now it's super low cost
because the company starts started to
charge me an arm and a leg to host it
but the point is is I created this
course and taught everybody and that was
back in 2019 if you remember the Amazon
GPS so I had learned the skill and then
I went out there and tried to produce
something of benefit to everybody else
so that's what I did started to learn
how to sell on Amazon and that's why you
don't see me every each and every day
right because I'm working on my other
businesses I now I have multiple
businesses but this was just one of them
what about learning to code oh that's
too difficult oh I'm too old no no no I
started learning back in the day I'd
already known a little bit I had a
little experience but now with AI it's
even easier repet agent this is just one
there are others but repet agent is
actually capable of you know you type in
what you want and it produces the code
but it's not just chat GPT the others
where you hit one button that's not
really good enough because well what do
you do with the code where do you put it
well this makes it super easy I'm
working on my own app right now for
Amazon sellers first for me and then
we'll see what happens later but this is
something that I had extremely limited
knowledge on could have learned it if I
didn't already extremely limited and now
making an app out of it that's something
that I could sell if I live where I
currently live or whether I live in
Antarctica I'm going to be able to do
that because it is all online and who
are my customers are they located just
to my geographical area not at all it's
Global that's the important thing that's
what online business is all about now
let me tell you about something else
everyone's talking about making money
online but let's be real most people
don't know where to start and that's why
so many people give up before they even
begin it took me years to scale my
business and it was hard but this app
build your store or by makes it simple
they've automated most of the hard parts
so that you can get started without the
learning curve here's the three-step
setup step one register and pick a niche
sign up on the by AI platform and then
pick a niche that makes sense for you
whether it's Fitness ecofriendly
Products or something else by can even
recommend options if you are not sure
step step two set up Shopify use
shopify's basic plan which costs just $1
for the first 30 days by walks you
through the setup so everything from
payments to shipping is handled with a
few clicks step three install the by app
this is where things get fun because AI
builds the store it selects the products
and it organizes everything for you
there's no need to search for suppliers
or mess with store designs in minutes
your store is ready to go live from
there it's just about making sales and
because by gives you ready to sell
products you're not stuck figuring out
all that inventory stuff so if you're
ready to launch hit that link in the
description to start your free AI built
store today I need to explain to you how
this works you are looking at
individuals who are not in the best
state because of inflation and it is
mathematically certain at this point
take this talking about Paul tutor Jones
one of the best investors of all time
government spending will boost inflation
Paul tutor Jones and many others warn
that uncontrollable Federal deficits
will boost inflation here's a chart that
shows you the monthly treasury issuance
a little bit complicated but just
understand we are at a record level
right now or near a record level imagine
the amount of debt the amount of money
that was being pumped in 2020 into 2021
well we're basically at that level now
and what this means is that the
government has to spend more money but
oh as long as there's appetite for US
debt there won't be a problem but this
becomes more difficult the more debt
that they need to get into and that's
when you spiral out of control and as a
result the Federal Reserve has to come
in and print up cash to buy that debt
and that creates more inflation so you
get more inflation coming in from the
government spending more money and then
you print that currency and try to buy
up that debt creating an Ever evolving
cycle of prices going up everything's
Rising dollars devaluing and this is
inevitable inevitable when you do this
and we're not of course this wouldn't be
the first time in history you see these
examples here a Wall Street landlord
bought your neighbor's house the zip
codes were investors own a bigger share
of homes have seen higher than average
increases in both prices and rents and
this is what happens when you enter
these difficult times these difficult
periods where you have a circumstance
let's be honest about this that we are
going to have the you know
inability to afford rent mortgage and so
on how is this sustainable on the path
we're on of course it's not and so
that's why I'm saying we have to be
prepared we have to do the things that
we can we don't need to be you know
sophisticated genius or anything one
other thing that I did another business
that I operated was the getting uh
individual businesses to have a Google
Google ads Grant all right and now what
this basically means is that you're
going to get um $10,000 up to $10,000 a
month from Google for the Google ads
Grant I figured out the entire process
on how to do that I started using it
myself and actually there's more to it
than that but basically this became a
business I could do it for myself I can
now do it for others so you see I went
through this process of learning how to
do something that is a high value skill
and then I begun to sell that and this
is important for everybody to understand
because you can do the same whether it
is something like Amazon whether it's
something like online sales whether it's
whatever it is you have to learn a high
value skill upon apply that and
hopefully get the word out in the best
way you think possible the inflation's
coming it's already set in stone you
have to act not tomorrow but right now
if you need any assistance with anything
you can always come to my website if you
want direct access to me over Zoom I do
that once a week on the finance Friday
and once a week on the business Sunday
this is extremely important because you
as an individual need to take action so
that you don't get the short end of the
stick if you uh found this video
informative definitely click that link
down in the description next to the like
button and I'll see you on the next one
take care